Some of the bigger things I did was change the diningroom.js and tablehistory.js in models. So Kevin we had it right originally. The two models right now will link via a newlycreated foreignkey that sequelize made for us that's called "DiningroomId". (Check out the table creation thing when you start up the server, you should see it)
In the diningroom.js I commented out availability for now since we Justin took care of that, but if we need it for the future it's right there. In the tablehistory.js I commented out entree_time and dessert_time since Justin is able to advance it for us via JS.
In the public/js/table.js, I made a new on click function on line 57. That should be linked to when you hit submit order, it *should* make a new instance of tablehistory.
In the api-routes.js, I just changed the tableid to customerId. 
If Justin wants to render the colors via JS we can get rid of table_color and the appitizer/entree/dessert in the api-routes and table.js IF he wants, if not he can keep it. As of right now it should render color if you do something like this in the handlebar "<div style="color: {{table_color}}>"
The two main thing we will need in the handlebars is {{ id }} which will pull which table we are referencing which is really only needed for the new function I added and {{customerId}} which will refer back to the tablehistory.js and pull whatever is saved there (ie what the table ordered and maybe the whole bill). 
One more thing is in the diningroom.js in the seats we have len[2,6], I am not sure but I think that means we want something a length of 2 integer to 6 integer not 2 to 6 seats. Double check on it if you can thanks!
Justin, I know I told you I would add the customer order into the table, unfortunately I ran out of time. 
Lastly, I updated the clear button in the table.js and the route. So I think when you hit the submit button on the menu page, I hope a new {{customerID}} gets replaces the old one, if not we have to add a line in the cleartable JSON - "DiningroomId = 0 or '' " (<-- not sure which but we are basically telling it to stop the foreign key link). Since the foriegn key can't be null, and if it doesn't like either solution I gave maybe ask Joe or a TA or Google. 